#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
absl-py==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   keras
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
advcounter==0.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.16
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   discord-py
    #   python-gemini-api
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
altgraph==0.17.4
    # via pyinstaller
aniso8601==10.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-restful
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django
aspose-pdf==25.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow
async-timeout==5.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
attrs==20.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   lib50
audioread==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   librosa
backports-tarfile==1.2.0
    # via jaraco-context
bardapi==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
beautifulsoup4==4.13.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   deep-translator
blinker==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
blis==0.7.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   thinc
boto3==1.37.33
    # via -r requirements.in
botocore==1.37.33
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
browser-cookie3==0.20.1
    # via python-gemini-api
build==1.2.2.post1
    # via tensorflow-intel
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
catalogue==2.0.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   spacy
    #   srsly
    #   thinc
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   instabot
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cryptography
    #   soundfile
chardet==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   instabot
    #   reportlab
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
    #   typer
cloudpathlib==0.21.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   weasel
cloudpickle==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gymnasium
    #   stable-baselines3
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bardapi
    #   build
    #   click
    #   loguru
    #   pytest
    #   tqdm
    #   wasabi
confection==0.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
contourpy==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
cryptography==44.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   lib50
cycler==0.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
cymem==2.0.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
decorator==5.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   librosa
    #   moviepy
deep-translator==1.11.4
    # via -r requirements.in
discord==2.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
discord-py==2.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   discord
django==5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-ckeditor
    #   django-crispy-forms
    #   django-filter
    #   django-js-asset
    #   django-storages
    #   djangorestframework
django-ckeditor==6.7.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-crispy-forms==2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-filter==25.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-js-asset==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-ckeditor
django-storages==1.14.6
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework==3.16.0
    # via -r requirements.in
docutils==0.21.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   readme-renderer
en-core-web-sm @ https://github.com/explosion/spacy-models/releases/download/en_core_web_sm-3.7.1/en_core_web_sm-3.7.1-py3-none-any.whl#sha256=86cc141f63942d4b2c5fcee06630fd6f904788d2f0ab005cce45aadb8fb73889
    # via -r requirements.in
farama-notifications==0.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gymnasium
filelock==3.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
flask==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-cors
    #   flask-restful
flask-cors==5.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-restful==0.3.10
    # via -r requirements.in
flatbuffers==25.2.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow
fonttools==4.57.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
forex-python==1.8
    # via -r requirements.in
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2025.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
future==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   instabot
gast==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow
gitdb==4.0.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gitpython
gitpython==3.1.44
    # via -r requirements.in
google-api-core[grpc]==2.24.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-translate
google-auth==2.38.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-translate
google-auth-oauthlib==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
google-cloud-core==2.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-cloud-translate
google-cloud-translate==3.20.2
    # via -r requirements.in
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow
googleapis-common-protos[grpc]==1.69.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
googlebard==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
grpc-google-iam-v1==0.14.2
    # via google-cloud-translate
grpcio==1.71.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
grpcio-status==1.71.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
gunicorn==23.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
gymnasium==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stable-baselines3
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
h2==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
h5py==3.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   keras
    #   tensorflow
hpack==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   h2
httpcore==1.0.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
httpx[http2,socks]==0.28.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bardapi
    #   googlebard
    #   python-gemini-api
huepy==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   instabot
hyperframe==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   h2
id==1.5.0
    # via twine
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   instabot
    #   requests
    #   yarl
imageio==2.37.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   moviepy
    #   scikit-image
imageio-ffmpeg==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   moviepy
importlib-metadata==8.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   keyring
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest
instabot==0.117.0
    # via -r requirements.in
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
jaraco-classes==3.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   keyring
jaraco-context==6.0.1
    # via keyring
jaraco-functools==4.1.0
    # via keyring
jellyfish==0.11.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   lib50
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
    #   spacy
    #   torch
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
joblib==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   librosa
    #   scikit-learn
keras==3.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow
keyring==25.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   twine
kiwisolver==1.4.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
langcodes==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   spacy
language-data==1.3.0
    # via langcodes
lazy-loader==0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   librosa
    #   scikit-image
lib50==3.0.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   submit50
libclang==18.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow
librosa==0.11.0
    # via -r requirements.in
llvmlite==0.44.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   numba
loguru==0.7.3
    # via python-gemini-api
lz4==4.4.4
    # via browser-cookie3
marisa-trie==1.2.1
    # via language-data
markdown==3.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorboard
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib==3.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seaborn
    #   stable-baselines3
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   markdown-it-py
ml-dtypes==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   keras
    #   tensorflow
mock==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   instabot
more-itertools==10.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jaraco-classes
    #   jaraco-functools
moviepy==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   instabot
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sympy
msgpack==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   librosa
multidict==6.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
murmurhash==1.0.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
namex==0.0.8
    # via keras
networkx==3.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-image
    #   torch
nh3==0.2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   readme-renderer
numba==0.61.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   librosa
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   blis
    #   contourpy
    #   gymnasium
    #   h5py
    #   imageio
    #   keras
    #   librosa
    #   matplotlib
    #   ml-dtypes
    #   moviepy
    #   numba
    #   opencv-python
    #   pandas
    #   patsy
    #   pywavelets
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   soundfile
    #   soxr
    #   spacy
    #   stable-baselines3
    #   statsmodels
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   thinc
    #   tifffile
    #   torchvision
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests-oauthlib
opencv-python==4.11.0.86
    # via -r requirements.in
opt-einsum==3.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow
optree==0.15.0
    # via keras
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   build
    #   gunicorn
    #   keras
    #   lazy-loader
    #   lib50
    #   matplotlib
    #   pooch
    #   pyinstaller
    #   pyinstaller-hooks-contrib
    #   pytest
    #   scikit-image
    #   spacy
    #   statsmodels
    #   submit50
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   thinc
    #   twine
    #   weasel
    #   webdriver-manager
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seaborn
    #   stable-baselines3
    #   statsmodels
pathfinding==1.0.16
    # via -r requirements.in
patsy==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   statsmodels
pefile==2023.2.7
    # via pyinstaller
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   lib50
pika==1.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==10.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   imageio
    #   instabot
    #   matplotlib
    #   moviepy
    #   reportlab
    #   scikit-image
    #   torchvision
pkginfo==1.12.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
platformdirs==4.3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pooch
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest
pooch==1.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   librosa
preshed==3.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
proglog==0.1.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   moviepy
prompt-toolkit==3.0.50
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   googlebard
propcache==0.3.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-translate
protobuf==5.29.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-translate
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
psutil==7.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pexpect
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cffi
pycryptodomex==3.22.0
    # via browser-cookie3
pydantic==2.11.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   confection
    #   python-gemini-api
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
pydantic-core==2.33.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
pydub==0.25.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pygments==2.19.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   readme-renderer
    #   rich
pyinstaller==6.12.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
pyinstaller-hooks-contrib==2025.2
    # via pyinstaller
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
pypdf==5.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyproject-hooks==1.2.0
    # via build
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   instabot
pytest==8.3.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   instabot
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   botocore
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   moviepy
    #   webdriver-manager
python-gemini-api==2.4.12
    # via bardapi
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-restful
    #   instabot
    #   pandas
    #   submit50
pywavelets==1.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pywin32==310
    # via wmi
pywin32-ctypes==0.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   keyring
    #   pyinstaller
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   lib50
    #   responses
readme-renderer==44.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   twine
reportlab==4.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bardapi
    #   deep-translator
    #   forex-python
    #   google-api-core
    #   id
    #   instabot
    #   lib50
    #   pooch
    #   python-gemini-api
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   responses
    #   spacy
    #   submit50
    #   tensorflow
    #   twine
    #   weasel
    #   webdriver-manager
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   instabot
    #   twine
responses==0.25.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   instabot
rfc3986==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   twine
rich==14.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   googlebard
    #   keras
    #   twine
    #   typer
rotate-matrix==0.0.7
    # via -r requirements.in
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
s3transfer==0.11.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   boto3
schedule==1.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   instabot
scikit-image==0.25.2
    # via -r requirements.in
scikit-learn==1.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   librosa
scipy==1.15.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   librosa
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   statsmodels
seaborn==0.13.2
    # via -r requirements.in
shadowcopy==0.0.4
    # via browser-cookie3
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
simplejson==3.20.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   forex-python
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   astunparse
    #   flask-restful
    #   google-pasta
    #   instabot
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
smart-open==7.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   weasel
smmap==5.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
socksio==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
soundfile==0.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   librosa
soupsieve==2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   beautifulsoup4
soxr==0.5.0.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   librosa
spacy==3.7.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   en-core-web-sm
spacy-legacy==3.0.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   spacy
spacy-loggers==1.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   spacy
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django
srsly==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   confection
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
stable-baselines3==2.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
statsmodels==0.14.4
    # via -r requirements.in
submit50==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sympy==1.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
tensorboard==2.19.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow
tensorboard-data-server==0.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorboard
tensorflow==2.19.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorflow-estimator==2.15.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorflow-intel==0.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorflow-io-gcs-filesystem==0.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow
termcolor==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   lib50
    #   submit50
    #   tensorflow
thinc==8.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   spacy
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
tifffile==2025.3.30
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-image
torch==2.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stable-baselines3
    #   torchaudio
    #   torchvision
torchaudio==2.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
torchvision==0.21.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   instabot
    #   proglog
    #   spacy
twine==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow-intel
typer==0.15.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   spacy
    #   weasel
types-pyyaml==6.0.12.20250402
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   gymnasium
    #   librosa
    #   optree
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   tensorflow
    #   torch
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.0
    # via pydantic
tzdata==2025.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django
    #   pandas
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   botocore
    #   instabot
    #   requests
    #   responses
    #   twine
wasabi==1.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   prompt-toolkit
weasel==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   spacy
webdriver-manager==4.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
    #   flask-cors
    #   tensorboard
wheel==0.45.1
    # via astunparse
whitenoise==6.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
win32-setctime==1.2.0
    # via loguru
wmi==1.5.1
    # via shadowcopy
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   smart-open
    #   tensorflow
yarl==1.19.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
zipp==3.21.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
